readme.md, before:

# Chrome App generator [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/yeoman/generator-chromeapp-phaser.svg?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/yeoman/generator-chromeapp-phaser)

Maintainer: [Bradley Bossard](https://github.com/bradleybossard)

> Chrome Apps with Phaser boilerplate generator that creates everything you need to get started with development. To test, go to: chrome://extensions, enable Developer mode and load `app` as an unpacked extension.

## Getting Started

- First make a new directory, and `cd` into it: mkdir my-new-chromeapp-phaser && cd $_
- Install the generator: `npm install -g generator-chromeapp-phaser`
- Run: `yo chromeapp-phaser`

## Generators

Available generators:

* [chromeapp-phaser](#app) (aka [chromeapp-phaser:app](#app))
* [chromeapp-phaser:permission](#permission)
* [chromeapp-phaser:samples](#samples)

### App
<!--
![](http://i.imgur.com/vh7uo4X.gif)
-->

Sets up a new Chrome App, generating all the boilerplate you need to get started.

Example: 
```bash
yo chromeapp-phaser
```

### Permission

![](http://i.imgur.com/O6LrhEB.png)

Create manifest.json or append permission into manifest.json. You can choose permission to put into manifest.json

Example: 
```bash
yo chromeapp-phaser:permmision
```

### Samples

![](http://i.imgur.com/OgPhpfA.gif)

You can create a new Chrome App by the [google-chrome-app samples](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-app-samples) on github repository.

Example: 
```bash
yo chromeapp-phaser:samples
```

## Build

Creates a production build, production files to zip file. You can publish zip file to Chrome Web Store. 

Examples:
```bash
grunt build
```

## Debug

Support two preview mode. LiveReload/run/debug your Chrome App on Chrome browser and Chrome app container.

* `grunt debug` - Default, run you Chrome App on Chrome app container

![](http://i.imgur.com/DGxbvBY.gif)

* `grunt debug:server` - Run you Chrome App on Chrome browser like 'serve' task of webapp.

![](http://recordit.co/8wefRz0m0I.gif)

## Options

* `--skip-install`

  Skips the automatic execution of `bower` and `npm` after
  scaffolding has finished.

* `--test-framework=[framework]`

  Defaults to `mocha`. Can be switched for
  another supported testing framework like `jasmine`.

* `--skip-pull`
  
  Skips to `pull` command of `git` to check the [google-chrome-app samples](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-app-samples) on github repository

* `--coffee`

  Add support for [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org/).

* `--compass`

  Add support for [Compass](http://compass-style.org/).

 > WARN, Compiled files that generated by coffee or compass will be remained if your Chrome App running on Chrome App container (with `grunt debug`). You should remove or ignore that files if you don't want to commit to repo.

## Contribute

See the [contributing docs](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/blob/master/contributing.md)

## License

[BSD license](http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php)

Commit message:

Updated the readme with some notes, removed animated GIFs

readme.md, after:

# Chrome App generator [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/yeoman/generator-chromeapp-phaser.svg?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/yeoman/generator-chromeapp-phaser)

Maintainer: [Bradley Bossard](https://github.com/bradleybossard)

> Chrome Apps using Phaser boilerplate generator that creates everything you need to get started with development.  To test, go to: chrome://extensions, enable Developer mode and load `app` as an unpacked extension.

## Notes
The idea is combine a Chrome App generator with a Phaser generator, like generator-phaser, which parses out the different pieces of the Phaser framework into seperate .js files.  Another caveat is Chrome apps have loosened restrictions on using the file:// protocol, and therefore we don''t need to run a NodeJS server.

## Getting Started

- First make a new directory, and `cd` into it: mkdir my-new-chromeapp-phaser && cd $_
- Install the generator: `npm install -g generator-chromeapp-phaser`
- Run: `yo chromeapp-phaser`

## Generators

Available generators:

* [chromeapp-phaser](#app) (aka [chromeapp-phaser:app](#app))
* [chromeapp-phaser:permission](#permission)
* [chromeapp-phaser:samples](#samples)

### App
<!--
TODO(bradleybossard): Replace this image with new animated GIFs
![](http://i.imgur.com/vh7uo4X.gif)
-->

Sets up a new Chrome App, generating all the boilerplate you need to get started.

Example: 
```bash
yo chromeapp-phaser
```

### Permission
<!--
TODO(bradleybossard): Replace this image with new animated GIFs
![](http://i.imgur.com/O6LrhEB.png)
-->

Create manifest.json or append permission into manifest.json. You can choose permission to put into manifest.json

Example: 
```bash
yo chromeapp-phaser:permmision
```

<!--
TODO(bradleybossard): Eventually there will be samples, but none available yet.
### Samples
TODO(bradleybossard): Replace this image with new animated GIFs
![](http://i.imgur.com/OgPhpfA.gif)


You can create a new Chrome App by the [google-chrome-app samples](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-app-samples) on github repository.

Example: 
```bash
yo chromeapp-phaser:samples
```
-->

## Build

Creates a production build, production files to zip file. You can publish zip file to Chrome Web Store. 

Examples:
```bash
grunt build
```

## Debug

Support two preview mode. LiveReload/run/debug your Chrome App on Chrome browser and Chrome app container.

* `grunt debug` - Default, run you Chrome App on Chrome app container

![](http://i.imgur.com/DGxbvBY.gif)

* `grunt debug:server` - Run you Chrome App on Chrome browser like 'serve' task of webapp.

![](http://recordit.co/8wefRz0m0I.gif)

## Options

* `--skip-install`

  Skips the automatic execution of `bower` and `npm` after
  scaffolding has finished.

* `--test-framework=[framework]`

  Defaults to `mocha`. Can be switched for
  another supported testing framework like `jasmine`.

* `--skip-pull`
  
  Skips to `pull` command of `git` to check the [google-chrome-app samples](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-app-samples) on github repository

* `--coffee`

  Add support for [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org/).

* `--compass`

  Add support for [Compass](http://compass-style.org/).

 > WARN, Compiled files that generated by coffee or compass will be remained if your Chrome App running on Chrome App container (with `grunt debug`). You should remove or ignore that files if you don't want to commit to repo.

## Contribute

See the [contributing docs](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/blob/master/contributing.md)

## License

[BSD license](http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php)
